feat: add official nuxt integration module for kongponents [KHCP-18358] (#2953)
Kong/kongponents: docs/guide/usage.md

### Using in Nuxt

> Kongponents now provides a first-class Nuxt module for seamless integration and automatic component registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kongponents provides a first-class [Nuxt module](https://nuxt.com/docs/4.x/guide/concepts/modules) for seamless integration and automatic component registration.
```

Most components are SSR-compatible so there is no extra configuration needed beyond adding the module.

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]
// nuxt.config.ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  modules: ['@kong/kongponents/nuxt'],

  kongponents: {
    /**
     * Optional prefix for component names
     * Default: 'K'
     */

>     prefix: 'K',

Author: :sad: why don't we want give the user the ability to customize our lib?

    /**
     * Optional list of components to exclude from auto-registration
     */

>     exclude: [],

Reviewer: suggestion: could we change this to an object interface:

```ts
components: {
  /**
   * Optional list of components to include in auto-registration. If unset or empty, all components will be included.
   */
  include: [],
  /**
   * Optional list of components to exclude from auto-registration
   */
  exclude: [],
}
```

Author: so if I had `include: ['KButton']` and `exclude: ['KButton']` we want to exclude it right?

ps: I feel like these two kinda serve the same thing... so maybe we should just have `exclude`

Reviewer: > I feel like these two kinda serve the same thing... so maybe we should just have `exclude`

What if a user only wants to register `KAlert` and `KButton`? They'd have to find the name of every other component to add to the `exclude` array

## Nuxt Module

Kongponents provides a first-class [Nuxt module](https://nuxt.com/docs/4.x/guide/concepts/modules) for seamless integration and automatic component registration. This is the most convenient and maintainable way to use Kongponents in your Nuxt app.

Most components are SSR-compatible, so no extra configuration is needed! Just add the module to your Nuxt configuration, and all components will be auto-imported and ready to use.

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]
// nuxt.config.ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  modules: ['@kong/kongponents/nuxt'],

  kongponents: {
    components: {
      /**
       * Optional list of component names to include in auto-registration.
       * If unset or empty, all components will be included.
       */
      include: [],
      /**
       * Optional list of component names to exclude from auto-registration
       */
      exclude: [],
    },
    /**
     * Whether to register provided composables.
     * For example, you can access the included `useToast` composable.
     */
    composables: true,
  },
})
```

### composables

If you enable composables in the module options, you can access utilities like useToast directly in your Nuxt app.

> #### UseToast

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### useToast
```
